changes, usually a long process. A leader can potentially changes team.
But one of the difficulties specifically about being in the military
is that you don't have a lot of time to make change in any particular
unit you're in. It's almost as if you're not. If you're not hitting
the ground running as soon as you get to a unit, if you intend
to make change, it can be very difficult to achieve that and any change
you might have affected. We usually come after gone so you don't
even see. You don't necessarily even see the rewards of that. If it
does come about 18 with that said, a team can change. What's required
is, I have to say, very dependent on the personalities you're working
with. Some people are receptive to the change. Other people don't
don't don't receive it too well. People like the way things were
working, and they do not appreciate that nuts and bolts of it, though,
if you want something to change, he demanded to change and what it
can come down to is the subordinates following the orders that you
put out there. If you establish what the priorities are, then they
are typically obligated to follow them. Now your subordinates perhaps
can can, you know, go around what you want, and there are various
ways to do that. But it helps if you kind of explain why you're doing
what you're doing. And usually if you're talking to your senior enlisted
leadership and explain why you want things to change, that itself
can go a long way to affecting change within the unit. But that's
contingent upon your senior enlisted leadership being ready to listen
to you.